• Define a MySQL database design section:
• Include at least 4 tables (e.g., patients, doctors, appointments, and admin)
• For each table, specify column names, data types, primary and foreign keys, and constraints (e.g., NOT NULL, UNIQUE)
• Define a MongoDB collection design section:
• Choose a suitable document collection (e.g., prescriptions, feedback, and logs)
• Provide a realistic JSON example of a document with nested fields or arrays.
• Justify your design decisions using inline comments if needed.
• Commit and push your file to GitHub.

{
  "product_id": "A123",
  "name": "Wireless Mouse",
  "category": "Electronics",
  "price": 29.99,
  "stock": 100,
  "specs": {
    "brand": "Logitech",
    "connectivity": "Bluetooth",
    "battery_life": "12 months"
  }
}

Patient information
Patient name: The full name of the individual for whom the medication is prescribed.
Date of birth (DOB): The patient's birth date, used for identification and dosage calculations.
Address: The patient's physical address.
Medical Record Number (MRN): A unique identifier assigned to the patient by the healthcare system.
Allergies: Any known patient allergies, especially to medications.
Prescriber information
Doctor/Prescriber: The name of the licensed medical provider writing the prescription.
License number: The prescriber's professional license number.
DEA number: The prescriber's Drug Enforcement Administration number, required for controlled substances.
Signature: The prescriber's signature, often digital for e-prescriptions.
Medication details
Rx Number: A unique number assigned to each prescription by the pharmacy for tracking.
Drug Name: The generic or brand name of the medication.
Drug Type: A classification of the medication (e.g., antibiotic, antidepressant).
Strength: The amount of active ingredient per dose (e.g., 250 mg).
Form: The physical form of the medication (e.g., tablet, capsule, liquid).
Dispense Amount: The quantity of medication to be dispensed (e.g., 30 tablets).
Refills: The number of refills authorized by the prescriber.
Route: The method of administration (e.g., oral, topical, injection).
Instructions (SIG): Directions for the patient, including the dosage, frequency, and timing (e.g., "Take one tablet by mouth once daily").
Reason (Indication): The medical condition being treated, though this may not always appear on the patient's label.
Start/End Dates: When the medication should begin and, if applicable, be discontinued.
Expiration Date: The date the prescription expires and can no longer be filled.
Comments/Notes: Additional information for the pharmacist or patient.
Pharmacy information
Pharmacy Name: The name of the pharmacy that fills the prescription.
Pharmacy Phone #: The phone number for the pharmacy.